is your computer running out of storage
space but you don't want to buy any more
external hard drives well check this out
this is the dxp 4800 plus by ugreen who
sponsored this short and it can fit up
to four 24 TB hard drives and another
two 8 TB ssds that's almost enough to
back up 7,000 movies or 39 million
photos and the setup is super simple
plug in your drives connect your power
and ethernet and then once it's booted
head to this website where you'll find
your device and it will help you walk
through setting it up and don't they
have lots of tips and guides during the
setup process just to make it as simple
as possible and just like that boom a
massive external hard drive which using
its Intel CPU can transfer your files at
incredible speeds it can download it up
to speeds of 1250 megabytes a second
which is equivalent of downloading a 1
tbte file in about 20 minutes but it
gets even better because it connects
using an ethernet cable once you set up
multiple accounts using the app they'll
be able to connect and access the data
even if they're on Wi-Fi and using the
ug green app it's really simple to show
people photos using the AI album meaning
if I type cat oh look at that all my cat
photos show up I didn't even have to tag
them as cat at $700 this all-in-one
backup solution is great for anyone
who's looking to store all their uh uh
homework check the link in the pinned
comment so you can get yours today